Project: Word count

Objective: Find top 10 most frequently used words in text files in a directory

Usage: make run - to run an analysis for text files in a directory specified by DATASET_DIR"
       make test - to generate test data and test analysis script"
       make clean - clean test data and temporary files"
       make help - print usage message 

Requirements: python3, matplotlib, dvipng

Description:

The code is written in Python. It reads in all text files in a directory set by the DATASET_DIR 
variable in the makefile and counts words used in each file in the directory. It writes out reports 
for each text file and put report files into a directory set by the REPORT_DIR variable in the 
makefile. Report files have an extension .rpt. In addition, the code prints out 10 most frequently 
used words appeared in all text files in the directory to standard output. If matplotlib package 
is installed, the code plots a bar chart of the results and saves the plot as a pdf file named 
report.pdf. 

The code is tested by creating a test dataset. The test dataset is a text generated by using 
combinations of pre-defined words. These words are put together randomly, and the frequency of
each word is also random. Results are validated by comparing report files with known solutions. 

As an example, the code is used to analyse a subset of the Large Movie Review Dataset provided by 

Maas, Andrew L.  and  Daly, Raymond E.  and  Pham, Peter T.  and  Huang, Dan  and  Ng, Andrew Y.  
and  Potts, Christopher

@InProceedings{maas-EtAl:2011:ACL-HLT2011,
  author    = {Maas, Andrew L.  and  Daly, Raymond E.  and  Pham, Peter T.  and  Huang, Dan  and  Ng, Andrew Y.  and  Potts, Christopher},
  title     = {Learning Word Vectors for Sentiment Analysis},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the 49th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies},
  month     = {June},
  year      = {2011},
  address   = {Portland, Oregon, USA},
  publisher = {Association for Computational Linguistics},
  pages     = {142--150},
  url       = {http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P11-1015}
}

We use only data of 12500 positive reviews in the test dataset in this project.